Improve the java language support docs (#273)
cloudstateio/cloudstate: docs/src/main/paradox/user/lang/java/eventsourced.md

@@snip [ShoppingCartEntity.java](/docs/src/test/java/docs/user/eventsourced/ShoppingCartEntity.java) { #entity-class }

> The `persistenceId` is used to namespace events in the journal, useful when you share the same database between multiple entities. It defaults to the simple name for the entity class (in this case, `ShoppingCartEntity`). It is a good practice to define an explicit persistenceId. This helps to decouple the journal data from the classnames in your code. ie. the events journal remain coherent, even if the underlying entity classname may have changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `persistenceId` is used to namespace events in the journal. This is useful when you share the same database between multiple entities. It defaults to the simple name for the entity class (in this case, `ShoppingCartEntity`). It is good practice to explicitly define a `persistenceId`. This helps to decouple the journal data from the classnames in your code—the event naming in the journal remains coherent, even if the underlying entity classname may have changed.
```

> The `snapshotEvery` parameter controls how often snapshots are taken, so that the entity doesn't need to be recovered from the entire history of the journal each time it is loaded. If left unset, it defaults to 100. To disable snapshot, set `snapshotEvery` to a negative value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `snapshotEvery` parameter controls how often snapshots are taken, so that the entity doesn't need to be recovered from the entire history of the journal each time it is loaded. If left unset, it defaults to 100. To disable snapshots, set `snapshotEvery` to a negative value.
```

## Persistence types and serialization

Event sourced entities persist events and snapshots, and these need to be serialized when persisted. The most straight forward way to persist events and snapshots is to use protobufs. Cloudstate will automatically detect if an emitted event is a protobuf, and serialize it as such. For other serialization options, including JSON, see @ref:[Serialization](serialization.md).

> While protobufs are the recommended format for persisting events, it is recommended that you do not persist your services protobuf messages. Rather, you should create new messages, even if they are identical to those of the services. While this may introduce some overhead in needing to convert from one type to the other, the reason for doing this is that it will allow the services public interface to evolve independently from its data storage format, which should be private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While protobuf is the recommended format for persisting events, it is recommended that you do not persist the protobuf messages from your service interface. Rather, you should create new messages, even if they are identical to those of the service messages. While this may introduce some overhead in needing to convert from one type to the other, the reason for doing this is that it will allow the public interface of the service to evolve independently from its data storage format, which should be private.
```
